Run codespell on code (#1714)
containers/storage: docs/containers-storage.conf.5.md

A common use case for this field is to provide a local storage directory when user home directories are NFS-mounted (podman does not support container storage over NFS).

**imagestore**=""

>   image storage path (the default is assumed to be the same as `graphroot`). Path of imagestore different from `graphroot`. By default images in the storage library are stored int the `graphroot`. If `imagestore` is provided newly pulled images will be stored in the `imagestore` location. All other storage continues to be stored in the `graphroot`. When using `overlay` driver images previously stored in the `graphroot` continue to be accessible ( Internally storage library mounts `graphroot` as an `additionalImageStore` to allow this behaviour ).

Reviewer: ... stored **int** the...

>   image storage path (the default is assumed to be the same as `graphroot`). Path of imagestore different from `graphroot`. By default images in the storage library are stored in the `graphroot`. If `imagestore` is provided, newly pulled images will be stored in the `imagestore` location. All other storage continues to be stored in the `graphroot`. When using `overlay` driver images previously stored in the `graphroot` continue to be accessible ( Internally storage library mounts `graphroot` as an `additionalImageStore` to allow this behaviour ).

Reviewer 2: I still find this hard to grok. It's missing a couple of commas, and is a little confusing, but it's better than it was, so thank you.

>   image storage path (the default is assumed to be the same as `graphroot`). Path of imagestore different from `graphroot`. By default images in the storage library are stored in the `graphroot`. If `imagestore` is provided, newly pulled images will be stored in the `imagestore` location. All other storage continues to be stored in the `graphroot`. When using `overlay` driver images previously stored in the `graphroot` continue to be accessible ( Internally storage library mounts `graphroot` as an `additionalImageStore` to allow this behaviour ).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 The image storage path (the default is assumed to be the same as `graphroot`). Path of the imagestore, which is different from `graphroot`. By default, images in the storage library are stored in the `graphroot`. If `imagestore` is provided, newly pulled images will be stored in the `imagestore` location. All other storage continues to be stored in the `graphroot`. When using the `overlay` driver, images previously stored in the `graphroot` remain accessible. Internally, the storage library mounts `graphroot` as an `additionalImageStore` to allow this behavior.
```
